adding script for soc_045 (#213)
resource-watch/data-pre-processing: soc_045_rw1_women_political_representation/README.md

This file describes the data pre-processing that was done to [Social Institutions and Gender Index](https://stats.oecd.org/Index.aspx?DataSetCode=GIDDB2019#) for [display on Resource Watch](https://bit.ly/3ejWtuc).

The source provided this dataset as a csv file accessed through its [website](https://stats.oecd.org/Index.aspx?DataSetCode=GIDDB2019#). 

Below, we describe the main actions performed to process the csv file:
1. Convert the dataframe from long to wide form, converting the variables into columns.

> 2. Convert the years in the 'Year' column to datetime objects and store them in a new column 'datetime'.

Reviewer: same question about datetimes here

> 3. Dropping duplicates so that only one country is showed per row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Drop rows for data aggregated by region or income group (labeled 'all regions' or 'all income groups') so that only disaggregated data remains and data is not duplicated.
```

Please see the [Python script](https://github.com/resource-watch/data-pre-processing/blob/master/soc_045_rw1_women_political_representation/soc_045_rw1_women_political_representation_processing.py) for more details on this processing.

> You can view the processed dataset for [display on Resource Watch](https://bit.ly/3ejWtuc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view the processed Women's Political Representation dataset [on Resource Watch](https://bit.ly/3ejWtuc).
```

> You can also download the original dataset [directly through Resource Watch](https://wri-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/resourcewatch/soc_002_rw1_gender_development_index.zip), or [from the source website](http://hdr.undp.org/en/indicators/137906#).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also download the original dataset [directly through Resource Watch](https://wri-public-data.s3.amazonaws.com/resourcewatch/soc_002_rw1_gender_development_index.zip), or [from the source website](https://stats.oecd.org/Index.aspx?DataSetCode=GIDDB2019).
```

> ###### Note: This dataset processing was done by [Eduardo Castillero Reyes](https://wrimexico.org/profile/eduardo-castillero-reyes), and QC'd by [Yujing Wu](https://www.wri.org/profile/yujing-wu).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Note: This dataset processing was done by [Eduardo Castillero Reyes](https://wrimexico.org/profile/eduardo-castillero-reyes), and QC'd by [Amelia Snyder](https://www.wri.org/profile/amelia-snyder).
```
